{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh9000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
PS C:\\Users\\ranaa\\OneDrive\\Desktop\\Exa> c:; cd \'92c:\\Users\\ranaa\\OneDrive\\Desktop\\Exa\'92; & Extracted Text (Page 1):
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 test exam - Exam Paper
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 Student Name: Ai tha alomar< Student ID:_ 23 uw s ;
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 @ True/False Questions
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 * Write True or False clearly in the box
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 1, Artificial Intelligence can operate without any data. [2 marks]
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 2. Moore\'92s Law predicts the number of transistors on a chip doubles approximately every two
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 years. [2 marks]\uc0\u8232 @ Multiple Choice Questions
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 * Write the letter of the correct option.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 3. Which of the following is NOT a type of Machine Learning? [3 marks]\uc0\u8232 A) Supervised Learning B) Reinforcement Learning C) Unsupervised Learning D) Manual
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 Learning CB]
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 4. Which company developed the transformer architecture that powers models like ChatGPT? [3 marks]\uc0\u8232 A) Microsoft B) OpenAl C) Google D) Facebook ce]
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 @ Short Answer Questions\uc0\u8232 * Write your answer inside the box.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 5. What is the ae goal of Natural Language Processing (NLP)? [5 marks]
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 a a ee aa\uc0\u8232 : A Inuly, lr Be
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 6. Define the Turing Test. [5 marks]
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 3 4 fi deiak Power the hveneina a. Confer Ini mic
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 K Cont ef sehen
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 @ Long Answer Questions\uc0\u8232 * Write your detailed response below.
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 Instructor: Rrr | Course: course 2 Page ft\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf4 Grading Result (Page 1): Score: 0/10
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 Feedback: There is no response provided to the question about the primary goal of Natural Language Proc Extracted Text (Page 2):
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 7. Explain how Artificial Intelligence is transforming education. Provide 2 examples. [10 marks] Py imParove Au Quality owl to givy in srulewt\uc0\u8232 Power onl) weak York s awh) the fer tethwrg
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 oF tach. - prow le ones Rong \\e forms, . ereufle tow. 4 ou tube -
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 8. Write a Python function called fibonacci(n) that returns the nth number in the Fibonacci sequence. [10 marks]
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 def Filona@i (n)srAtun reduce (lamba PEs At (ALT +EL27T, Pring h-2), LoZ1) in-Z1 \\R wrve e\\Se * wvaly
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 def Filona@i (n)srAtun reduce (lamba PEs At (ALT +EL27T, Pring h-2), LoZ1) in-Z1 \\R wrve e\\Se * wvaly
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 Instructor: Rrr | Course: course 2 Page 2
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 Grading Result (Page 2):
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 Grading Result (Page 2): Grading Result (Page 2):
\fs24 \cf0 \

\fs21\fsmilli10667 \cf4 Score: 0/10
\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}